Hey lady
Who is this person? This is next door
His name is Dali Niu.
He saw that you haven't been back for so long.
Just tell me you're dead and let me marry him
What!
You ouch
Who the hell are you?
How dare you kick me!
Bullying my wife is ugly to death?
Sorry, sorry.
Hey little brother, tell you the truth
I didn't mean to tease him
It's because he's so horny
He seduced me
Nonsense gentlemen don't take what people love
Little brother, I'll give you 10 taels of silver like this.
How about you sell him to me?
I sell you a big medicine
You fuck
Do you toast or eat a fine?
Don't die, hey, hey.
head
George George
Who do you think you are? You dare to touch me?
Just wait for me.
Wait a minute, I'll find someone to live, and I'll come and clean you up.
You wait for me.
The bond family is not easy to mess with
They all have relatives in the thorn restaurant
Bully the lady
He has to pay